All right guys in this video I just want to show you the next project we'll be building which is a portfolio
project that uses SAS.
OK.
Now the inspiration for the look of this site comes from a template that I found on Moby rides dot com.
So I just wanted to show you guys this real quick and it's just a one page is just a single page our
templates is gonna be multiple pages.
I didn't even look at the H team L of the CSX for this.
And then as far as this typing effect here the typing effect we're using comes from my javascript tutorial
on youtube.
So if you're interested in the actual javascript you can just search for JavaScript typing effect and
the first result here will be my tutorial that shows you exactly what's going on as far as this course
we're just going to kind of include the file.
So we have a landing page here with a background image.
This logo up here JD pertains to the the the developers name John Doe.
Now I did include the PSAT file if you want to change the initials if you want to use your own logo
if you want to use text here.
If you don't want to use anything here whatever you want to do is fine if you're going to use this as
your own portfolio or whatever.
And then we have the menu over here with the different pages which I'll show you in a second.
We have a button to go to the work page and then down here we have what John specializes in some font
awesome icons.
And then here we have some more icons with the clients awards hours worked projects completed creative
process so down here we're gonna add some visual effects using transitions footer is pretty simple just
have some social media icons with a hover effect and then the about page you can see we're still using
that same background image but we're pushing it up into the nav bar and then we have the about section
we're actually going to be using grid template areas here then we have some progress bars.
So we'll be creating these from scratch.
I know that progress bars are included with frameworks like bootstrap and stuff like that but we'll
be creating these with just age.
Tim Allen CSX we have some logos here some testimonials.
And then on the work page we have some images with some overlay effects case we'll be using some CSX
transitions here as well that looks pretty nice all these images will be included in the project files
as well so let's take a look at the contact page which is very simple we just have a form here.
We have this section with the email phone and address big Texas says let's start your next project and
the footer.
All right.
So now let's take a look at the responsiveness of this I'm going to open up my chrome tools and let's
set the device icon here.
So this is what it would look like on an iPad which is very similar to what it looks like on desktop.
Basically everything is is pretty much the same.
So let's look at say iPhone X okay.
So on smaller devices smartphones we're just going to kind of narrow the header down to just the logo
and the menu centered and then everything else is just nicely stacked on top of each other.
OK for the about page you can see everything's nicely stacked testimonials progress bars the work page
we just have the images and then the contact page everything is nice and stacked as well.
All right so that's the responsiveness of it.
So that's it guys hopefully you enjoy this.
Let's jump into the next video and start to set up our SAS environment.